Full job description
About GitHub: GitHub is the world’s leading platform for agentic software development — powered by Copilot to build, scale, and deliver secure software. Over 180 million developers, including more than 90% of the Fortune 100 companies, use GitHub to collaborate, and more than 77,000 organisations have adopted GitHub Copilot.
Locations: In this role you can work from Remote, United Kingdom
Overview:
GitHub is changing the way the world builds software, and we want you to help lead this effort.

The Traffic Team plays a critical role in GitHub's scalability and resiliency. GitHub’s Traffic team is responsible for every packet into and out of GitHub’s edge and delivers a foundational load balancing platform for all of its services. The team’s objective is to ensure that GitHub continues to operate industry-leading services at global scale, and to ensure internal engineering teams have the tools and processes necessary to build on top of our platform with as little friction as possible.


As a Staff Software Engineer on the Traffic Team, you will work closely with a distributed, diverse, and passionate team of engineers to improve and maintain part of the platform that millions of developers worldwide rely on in their software development cycle.


The Traffic Team is highly distributed, and you will thrive in an environment of remote work and asynchronous communication. You're expected to have strong written communication skills and be able to develop working relationships with coworkers in locations around the globe. As an engineer at GitHub, you'll always be challenged to solve interesting and novel problems that have a real impact on how the world builds software.

Responsibilities:
Lead technical decision making and architecture

Design and implement scalable, reliable and performant solutions for complex problems like rate-limiting, routing, etc.

Maintain and improve the GitHub Load Balancer, and other systems related to traffic management at GitHub

Write, review, and maintain code primary in Go and Ruby & Rails

Mentor other engineers in their technical and architectural decision making

Participate in the on-call rotation, and team meetings


Qualifications:
Required Qualifications:
9+ years experience in Software Engineering, Computer Science, or related technical discipline with proven experience maintaining and delivering production software coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go, Ruby, Rust, or Python
OR Associate’s Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Electronics Engineering, Math, Physics, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or related field AND 8+ years experience in Software Engineering, Computer Science, or related technical discipline with proven experience maintaining and delivering production software coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go, Ruby, Rust, or Python
OR Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field AND 7+ years experience in Software Engineering, Computer Science, or related technical discipline with proven experience maintaining and delivering production software coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go, Ruby, Rust, or Python
OR Master's Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Electronics Engineering, Math, Physics, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or related field AND 5+ years experience in Software Engineering, Computer Science, or related technical discipline with proven experience maintaining and delivering production software coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go, Ruby, Rust, or Python.
OR Doctorate in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Electronics Engineering, Math, Physics, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or related field AND 3+ years experience in Software Engineering, Computer Science, or related technical discipline with proven experience maintaining and delivering production software coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go, Ruby, Rust, or Python.
OR equivalent experience.
4+ years building and supporting large, high traffic applications at scale within platform/infrastructure domains
4+ years supporting and building cloud native workloads in Azure, AWS or Google Cloud
2+ years experience maintaining a Load Balancer with proven experience in abuse protection mechanisms for DDoS attacks, load shedding, etc.
Preferred Qualifications:

Experience with HAProxy, or any other open-source Load Balancer

2+ Years of Golang experience
Experience building or maintaining planetary scale engineering systems

Experience working with a remote, distributed team

Strong written and verbal communication skills

GitHub Leadership Principles:
GitHub values

Customer-obsessed
Ship to learn
Growth mindset
Own the outcome
Better together
Diverse and inclusive
Manager fundamentals

Model
Coach
Care
Leadership principles

Create clarity
Generate energy
Deliver success
Who We Are: GitHub is the world’s leading AI-powered developer platform with 150 million developers and counting. We’re also home to the biggest open-source community on earth (and 99% of the world’s software has open-source code in its DNA). Many of the apps and programs you use every day are built on GitHub.
Our teams are dreamers, doers, and pioneers, leading the way in AI, driving humanitarian efforts around the globe, and even sending open source to Mars (and beyond!). At GitHub, our goal is to create the space you need to do your best work. We’re remote-first and offer competitive pay, generous learning and growth opportunities, and excellent benefits to support you, wherever you are—because we know that people flourish when they can work on their own terms.
Join us, and let’s change the world, together.
EEO Statement: GitHub is made up of people from a wide variety of backgrounds and lifestyles. We embrace diversity and invite applications from people of all walks of life. We don't discriminate against employees or applicants based on gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, race, religion, age, national origin, citizenship, disability, pregnancy status, veteran status, or any other differences. Also, if you have a disability, please let us know if there's any way we can make the interview process better for you; we're happy to accommodate!