Full job description
Company Description

Join us at Greene King pubs, where we have always been the beacon for communities, wherever people want to come together. Our collection of community pubs are the heart and soul of the local area around them, helmed by a local hero and crewed by a team always ready with your favourite tipple. Our pubs embody the true meaning of a local pub, acting as a central hub where locals can enjoy one of our events, a feast of lovingly cooked food or a quick catch up with friends over a drink.


Job Description

As Bar & Waiting Staff, you’ll be key to creating unforgettable moments for customers, whether you’re pouring a pint or recommending the perfect drink to a customer after a long day, you’ll keep the good times flowing. You’ll be joining a fun and inclusive team, where you can grow and strengthen your skills and experience.


Qualifications

As a member of our Bar & Waiting Staff, you will…

Provide customers with a heartfelt and memorable experience each and every time they visit.
Be the insider behind the bar, offering recommendations to customers.
Prepare and present drinks that meet specifications and customer expectations.
Assist in greeting, serving food and looking after our customers whilst they dine with us.
Make sure the bar is always safe, legal, and clean, and any issues are dealt with as quickly and safely as possible.
What you’ll bring…

Willingness to learn and expand your skills.
Have a great eye for detail, making sure every pint is poured to perfection.
A passion for giving great service and making sure every customer receives a warm welcome.
A positive can-do attitude and be a real team player.

Additional Information

We’re all about rewarding our team’s hard work, that’s why…

You’ll receive a competitive salary, pension contribution as well as:

The chance to further your career across our well-known brands – as one of the industry's top apprenticeship providers, we can provide training and development at each level of your career.
Discount of 33% for you and 15% for your loved ones on all of our brands – so you enjoy your favourite food and drink at a discount.
Free employee assistance program – mental health, well-being, financial, and legal support because you matter!
Enhanced, family-friendly maternity and paternity policies
Menopause Friendly Employer
Discount of 50% for you and 25% for your loved ones at our Greene King Inns and hotels – so you can enjoy a weekend away without breaking the bank.
Refer a friend – who do you know who could be interested in a new role? When they are placed, you could earn up to £1,500 for referring them!
Wagestream – access your wage before payday for when life happens.
Retail discounts – Receive up to 30% off at Superdrug, exclusive discounts with Three Mobile along with many more…