Full job description
Join our team at Heythrop Park, part of the Warner Hotels Group. This 311-bedroom hotel with two theatres, a spa, and three restaurants is set within 440 acres of parkland in the heart of the Cotswolds.
Salary: £30,000 - £35,000 Dependent on experience.


We're looking for a passionate Entertainment Manager to inspire teams, deliver outstanding entertainment, and create unforgettable moments for our guests.


What will I be doing?


As the Entertainment Manager you will be responsible for the delivery of performances and activities, we offer our guests.

Not only will you schedule and manage the diverse entertainment provision across multi venues on and off stage but will also assist the Entertainment Support Team in the development of the entertainment offering.You will supporting in ensuring meetings, conferences, and special events, are delivered seamlessly. Working closely with internal stakeholders and external suppliers, you will ensure any event requirements are met, including audiovisual and technical support, creating exceptional experiences for guests and clients alike.


What are we looking for?


An inspirational leader to develop a team of professionals to deliver the best performances, as well as working closely with external guest acts to ensure you have the best entertainment all year round.
Passionate about entertainment and able to deliver a contemporary line-up of activities and live events.
Someone who can work collaboratively with the holiday sales team to support the sales of holidays and to develop and sell excursions.
Creates an environment where every team member is encouraged to never stop looking and learning to perform at their best.
A leader who will be responsible for the development and delivery of both the daytime and evening entertainment programmes in conjunction with central entertainment support team.

What skills do I need?


Experience of booking external acts.
Able to build great relationships with the wider entertainment central support team.
Experience of working across multi-venue operations.
Leads and coaches the team’s activities within Entertainments to ensure all areas of responsibilities are covered.
Able to monitor team engagement levels always and works with HOD’s and people team to identify opportunities to drive engagement and retention.
Why Work for Warner Hotels?

Free use of gym and leisure facilities
60% discounted food onsite
Pension scheme
A fantastic opportunity for career development through externally recognised qualifications in addition to in-house training and development (Degrees and Apprenticeship level)
28 days annual leave per year (Inclusive of Bank Holidays)
Cycle to Work Scheme
20% discount at breaks at Warner, Butlins & Haven + additional discounts during your stays for you and your family
Help @ Hand from Unum - including virtual GP, Physiotherapy support, Mental Health sessions
Life Assurance
Free Car Parking onsite
Family Friendly policies
Refer a friend scheme
Aslan: Our Reward & recognition portal includes access to a financial wellbeing platform
Access to a discounts platform including a points based discount plan to increase your retail discounts
Access your wages on demand through Aslan
Employee Assistance Programme
L&G Care Concierge
Glow Getters and Long Service Awards

Ready to discover your glow?

Be part of something more than a hotel — where your personality shines and your ideas matter.


At Warner Hotels, diversity, equity, and inclusion are at the heart of who we are and what we do. Our commitment to these values is unwavering and they are central to our mission. We encourage applications from all backgrounds, communities and industries and we are happy to discuss any reasonable adjustments or flexibility that you may require.


If you require any assistance or reasonable adjustments while applying, please don't hesitate to reach out to us at: Warner.recruitment@warnerhotels.co.uk